# Project description - IRhyme
IRhyme is an application, where people can design and print out custom cards for different occasions to give to their friends, family, etc. They can customize the look of the card and make it occasion specific, but the main feature is that they can also add a poem that is generated by an AI Poem Builder. 

This makes it both a unique opportunity and funny one to interact with and allows them to create something truly special, a complete and mindful gift.

### What we have done 
The first step was to create the prototype, which can be seen in the ''Prototye Sketches'' folder. The images describe all the views that our website has and the steps that a user has to do in order to create a gift card (from selecting a specific gift card theme to editing it and finally, printing it).

So far, we managed to:
- implement all views
- used Pexels API ([Pexels API](https://www.pexels.com/api/)) to make the calls for receiving images needed fot the SelectTheme and SelectCard views
- created a layout for the cards
- created the text editor for the EditCard view
- used REACT to implement the features

### What we plan to do

For the next steps in or project, we want to:

  - implement the poem generation feature in the EditCard view
  - implement features that will enance the user experience with our website, such as search engine, history in order to see the past created cards, better layout, loading icons.



### Project file structure 

Our project is divided in separate folders for each view (Welcome, SelectTheme, SelectCard, EditCard and PrintCard) and each of them has separate files for the javascript file and for the css one.

- <b><i>Welcome</i></b>: contains the code for the first view, in which the user can see an example of a gift card and a button to preceed in order to edit an original, new card
 - <b><i>SelectTheme</i></b>: separate pictures for the themes (''Birthday'', ''Wedding'', ''Love'', ''Travel'', ''Mother's Day'', ''Christmas'') are shown. The pictures are fetched using an API call and the data from it is retrieved in the componentDidMount() method and saved in the state, which is used in the render method to display all the pictures with a specific theme.
 - <b><i>SelectCard</i></b>: specific pictures with the selected theme are shown in this view. The pictures are fetched from the API and the pictures are displayed in the render method.
 - <b><i>EditCard</i></b>: contains the code for the text editor for the gift cards. (TODO: add more info)
 - <b><i>PrintCard</i></b>: contains the code for the final version of the selected and edited card, seen in two possible views: closed card and open card.

Another folder is ''data'' and contains:

  - <b><i>PoetryModel</i></b>: here are the methods used for retrieving data for our gift cards
  - <b><i>ObservableModel:</i></b>: used for the observable pattern

Other files:

  - <b><i>App.js</i></b>: the file that coordinates what views are displayed
  - <b><i>index.js</i></b>: the main file that starts the application
