# IRhyme DESCRIPTION
IRhyme is an application, where people can design and print out custom cards for different occasions to give to their friends, family, etc. They can customize the photograph of the card and make it occasion specific and personalize the message as well, but the main feature is that they can also add a poem generated by an AI Poem Builder. 

This makes it both a unique opportunity and funny one to interact with and allows them to create something truly special, a complete and mindful gift.

### TO TEST
Open this link in Google Chrome: https://irhyme-5e1f8.firebaseapp.com

### FEATURES
The first step was to create the prototype, which can be seen in the ''Prototye Sketches'' folder. The images describe all the views that our website has and the steps that a user has to do in order to create a gift card (from selecting a specific gift card theme to editing it and finally, printing it).

So far, we managed to:
- implement all views.
- used Pexels API ([Pexels API](https://www.pexels.com/api/)) to make the calls for receiving images needed for the SelectTheme and SelectCard views.
- have a search function for the card themes.
- have a text editor which displays generated AI poems and allows font styling changes (regular, bold, italic and color)
- have a preview for the card where the card can be printed out or saved to a PDF.
- have an option to save the card to our database as an inspiration for other users or look at the inspiration board to get ideas


### FUTURE DEVELOPMENT

For the next steps in or project, we want to:

  - improve our AI poem generator to create even better poems.
  - a possible extention to the project is to use image recognition algorithms on the selected image to extract keywords related to the image. Then these keywords could be used in the AI poem to increase the context feeling of the card.  


### PROJECT FILE STRUCTURE

Our project is divided in separate folders for each view (Welcome, SelectTheme, SelectCard, EditCard, PrintCard and InspirationBoard) and each of them has separate files for the javascript file and for the css one.

- <b><i>Welcome</i></b>: contains the code for the first view, in which the user can see an example of a gift card and a button to preceed in order to edit a new card.
 - <b><i>SelectTheme</i></b>: separate pictures for different themes are shown. The themes can also be searched with the searchbar. The pictures are fetched using an API call and the data from it is retrieved in the componentDidMount() method and saved in the state, which is used in the render method to display all the pictures with a specific theme.
 - <b><i>SelectCard</i></b>: specific pictures with the selected theme are shown in this view. The pictures are fetched from the API and the pictures are displayed in the render method.
 - <b><i>EditCard</i></b>: contains the code for the text editor for the gift cards. The text can be edited and its styling can be changed to bold, italic and/or underlined. The text colour can also be changed. An AI poem can be generated (and regenrated) and displayed. 
 - <b><i>PrintCard</i></b>: contains the code for the final version of the selected and edited card, seen in two possible views: closed card and open card. In this view the card can be printed out and the user adjust the printing settings in a print popup. The users also have the option here to save their card to the inspiration board, so everyone can see what they created.
 - <b><i>InspirationBoard</i></b>: contains the files for the board where all the saved cards are. The cards can be saved by anyone who accesses the website and clicks on the button "Save" in the PrintView. As database, we used Firestore and we save the card image and its content.

Another folder is ''data'' and contains:

  - <b><i>PoetryModel.js</i></b>: takes care of the back-end and API calls.
  - <b><i>Poem</i></b>: this file is responsible for generating randomised AI poems. It generates an unique poem each time the "generate poem" button is clicked. Hence no two poems are ever the same. 

In the folder config - contains the configuration for firebase, which was needed for saving the card into out database.
Other files:

  - <b><i>App.js</i></b>: the file that coordinates what views are displayed.
  - <b><i>index.js</i></b>: the main file that starts the application.

